Update JVM document to fix issue 13561 (#14099)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/jvm.asciidoc

[[java-home]]
==== `LS_JAVA_HOME`

> {ls} uses the Java version set in `LS_JAVA_HOME`. If you prefer to use custom 
> JDK other than the version that is bundled, then the `LS_JAVA_HOME` environment
> variable must be set for {ls} to operate correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logstash includes a bundled JDK which has been verified to work with each
specific version of Logstash, and generally provides the best performance and
reliability. 
If you need to use a JDK other than the bundled version, then set the
`LS_JAVA_HOME` environment variable to the version you want to use.
```

Reviewer: Thank you for making this fix, @RobertShan2000!  This issue definitely needed clarification. Thank you for making it happen. 
Please consider updating the existing first sentence to emphasize the benefits of sticking to the bundled version a bit more (as indicated in the suggestion). We want people to have the option to set `LS_JAVA_HOME`, but we recommend that people stick to the bundled JDK unless they have a compelling reason for using another one.

Author: > 

@karenzone I refine the sentence as your suggestion, please let me know if you have any questions.

==== `LS_JAVA_HOME`

{ls} uses the Java version set in `LS_JAVA_HOME`. The `LS_JAVA_HOME` environment

> variable must be set for {ls} to operate correctly if you prefer to use custom JDK 

Reviewer 2: I would rewrite as:
```
If you prefer to use custom JDK other than the version that is bundled, then the `LS_JAVA_HOME` environment
variable must be set.
```

Reviewer 2: cc @karenzone

Author: @andsel I updated the sentence as your suggestion

Reviewer 2: I would ask  @karenzone for a quick eye
